com/baseflow/geolocator/utils/MainThreadDispatcher.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.utils.MainThreadDispatcher
 com.baseflow.geolocator.utils.MainThreadDispatcher$1
 com.baseflow.geolocator.utils.MainThreadDispatcher$2
com/baseflow/geolocator/data/GeocodingOptions.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.data.GeocodingOptions
com/baseflow/geolocator/data/wrapper/EventResponse.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.data.wrapper.EventResponse
com/baseflow/geolocator/tasks/CalculateDistanceTask.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.CalculateDistanceTask
com/baseflow/geolocator/BuildConfig.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.BuildConfig
com/baseflow/geolocator/tasks/ForwardGeocodingTask.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.ForwardGeocodingTask
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.ForwardGeocodingTask$1
com/baseflow/geolocator/data/wrapper/ChannelResponse.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.data.wrapper.ChannelResponse
com/baseflow/geolocator/tasks/LocationUsingLocationManagerTask.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.LocationUsingLocationManagerTask
com/baseflow/geolocator/tasks/TaskContext.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.TaskContext
com/baseflow/geolocator/tasks/LocationUsingLocationServicesTask.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.LocationUsingLocationServicesTask
com/baseflow/geolocator/GeolocatorPlugin.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.GeolocatorPlugin
com/baseflow/geolocator/tasks/Task.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.Task
com/baseflow/geolocator/data/wrapper/MethodResponse.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.data.wrapper.MethodResponse
com/baseflow/geolocator/tasks/LastKnownLocationUsingLocationServicesTask.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.LastKnownLocationUsingLocationServicesTask
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.LastKnownLocationUsingLocationServicesTask$1
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.LastKnownLocationUsingLocationServicesTask$2
com/baseflow/geolocator/tasks/LocationUpdatesUsingLocationServicesTask.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.LocationUpdatesUsingLocationServicesTask
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.LocationUpdatesUsingLocationServicesTask$1
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.LocationUpdatesUsingLocationServicesTask$2
com/baseflow/geolocator/tasks/ReverseGeocodingTask.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.ReverseGeocodingTask
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.ReverseGeocodingTask$1
com/baseflow/geolocator/data/ReverseGeocodingOptions.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.data.ReverseGeocodingOptions
com/baseflow/geolocator/tasks/LastKnownLocationUsingLocationManagerTask.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.LastKnownLocationUsingLocationManagerTask
com/baseflow/geolocator/data/Result.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.data.Result
com/baseflow/geolocator/tasks/TaskFactory.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.TaskFactory
com/baseflow/geolocator/data/LocationOptions.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.data.LocationOptions
com/baseflow/geolocator/data/CalculateDistanceOptions.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.data.CalculateDistanceOptions
com/baseflow/geolocator/data/PositionMapper.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.data.PositionMapper
com/baseflow/geolocator/data/Coordinate.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.data.Coordinate
com/baseflow/geolocator/OnCompletionListener.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.OnCompletionListener
com/baseflow/geolocator/data/AddressMapper.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.data.AddressMapper
com/baseflow/geolocator/utils/LocaleConverter.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.utils.LocaleConverter
com/baseflow/geolocator/data/ForwardGeocodingOptions.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.data.ForwardGeocodingOptions
com/baseflow/geolocator/tasks/LocationUpdatesUsingLocationManagerTask.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.LocationUpdatesUsingLocationManagerTask
 com.baseflow.geolocator.tasks.LocationUpdatesUsingLocationManagerTask$GeolocationAccuracy
